content/about.md, before:

---
title: "About Me"
description: "something"
date: "2019-02-28"
aliases: ["about-us", "contact"]
author: "Anil Sable"
---

Written in Go, Hugo is an open source static site generator available under the [Apache Licence 2.0.](https://github.com/gohugoio/hugo/blob/master/LICENSE) Hugo supports TOML, YAML and JSON data file types, Markdown and HTML content files and uses shortcodes to add rich content. Other notable features are taxonomies, multilingual mode, image processing, custom output formats, HTML/CSS/JS minification and support for Sass SCSS workflows.

Hugo makes use of a variety of open source projects including:

* https://github.com/yuin/goldmark
* https://github.com/alecthomas/chroma
* https://github.com/muesli/smartcrop
* https://github.com/spf13/cobra
* https://github.com/spf13/viper

Hugo is ideal for blogs, corporate websites, creative portfolios, online magazines, single page applications or even a website with thousands of pages.

Hugo is for people who want to hand code their own website without worrying about setting up complicated runtimes, dependencies and databases.

Websites built with Hugo are extremelly fast, secure and can be deployed anywhere including, AWS, GitHub Pages, Heroku, Netlify and any other hosting provider.

Learn more and contribute on [GitHub](https://github.com/gohugoio).

Commit message:

Replacing old template with correct info + adding 1st lesson on exploring java 8

content/about.md, after:

---
title: "About Me"
description: "About author of the Programming 4 ninja "
date: "2020-03-31"
aliases: ["about-us", "contact"]
author: "Anil Sable"
---

Hello Friends,


My Name is Anil Sable. I am an IT professional, started my journey in 2014. I have worked on Software Development technologies in Java Tech Stack like java, spring, spring boot, microservices, Kotlin, Reactive Programming, React & Redux, Kubernetes, Docker, AWS, GCP, and the list is growing. I Have completed my Post Graduation with in Master of Computer Application.

The computer was my passion since I have completed my 10th. In the early days, I wondered about few windows batch scripts available in the few CD Rom, Which trigger the software installation automatically once we insert the cd. I was amazed by the automation and wanted to learn these things which I can use in my real life. I started learning these things. The first project I created using the batch script is was a "file organizer". I was very much lazy with the file sorting things and placing different kinds of files in an organized manner. I started working on the "File organizerser" project, the idea behind this project was like there is a folder on the Desktop called "Junk Yard"; A script will run in the background which will sort the file and move them based on the content type like. All Songs will go to the "D" drive, All Picture will goest to the "E" drive all movie files will go to the "F" drive. I have started computer programming with Windows Batch scripting. These projects motivate me a lot to move toward Software Programming. I started learning C, C++, VB Script, VB 6.0 language before my 12th exams. When I started my graduation, that was the Era of Rapid Application Development and Microsoft Dot Net was having the Boom in industry. I started learning Microsoft Dot Net with C# with Windows Application Development & Web Application Development (ASP.Net). Later on, my focus was moved to Java.

Currently, am a fully Java Mid-tier Developer. In my professional career, I worked with the servlet & JSP at the core level. JSF, Struts, EclipseLink, Hibernate, Spring Core, Spring Data, Cassandra, Spring REST. I Worked with the Operation team wherein we have developed the infrastructure which will continuously monitor the application and alert the user on certain condition met. in this operation team, I have learned things about the application performance and troubleshooting of the High TPS System. Started now with a Product based Company were got the opportunity to learn Spring Microservice, Cloud Computing with Amazon Web Services. This is how I reached here and my journey still continues.

The reason behind starting this blog, I love sharing my knowledge and learning things from others since my college days. So I wanted to start blogging where I can express my thoughts on the software programming.

I would like to thank you, friends, to refer my blogs. Wish you success in your career. You can contact me at "anilsablepatil@gmail.com" for any kind of help you needed.

Thanks
Anil Sable
